This is all the data on his computer
Nice job!
I'll send you a red envelope later.
I don't want your red envelope.
Then I will send you a courier, do you want it?
Director, can you please not let me do this?
I'm worried every day
Look at you
Where is this going?
What does his Tang family have?
Isn't it just luck?
He's gone and that position is yours
What do you want?
I just want him to get out of here sooner
Director, don't ask so many questions
After it's done, there will be no lack of your benefits
Pick any case and pick it up
If you have a lot of money, you can handle it.
Should I tell Tang Jian?
But he will believe me
Hey
Why are you sneaking around?
Could it be that you didn't come because the lady at the front desk was sick?
Run with him alive
Unpromising soup green
Fart
Have you felt anything wrong recently?
What's wrong?
Everywhere but you
I wasn't kidding.
Okay, go to the hospital and take good care of Wang Yimei.